     Marine Thinking    Communications Strategy August 17, 2023	Table of ContentsTable of Contents	2Introduction	3Situational Analysis	3Goals and Objectives	3Marine Thinking Key Audiences and Messaging	5Marine Tracer	6Guardian	7Acadia	7Government	7Strategies and Tactical Considerations	7Phased Tactics Approach	8Milestones and Tactics	13Appendix A: Speaking and Event Attendance Opportunities	17Appendix B: Media List	19Appendix C: Social Content Calendar	19Appendix D: Core Content Topics	19Appendix E: Supporting Material	20Appendix F: Award Submissions Calendar 	20Appendix G: SEO Keyword Map	21
IntroductionMarine Thinking is an autonomous technology company transforming the way we understand and interact with the ocean. Empowering crewed and uncrewed surface vessels (USV) with autonomous performance capabilities, Marine Thinking is creating new possibilities and opportunities to advance the industry further and faster while ensuring a safer and more sustainable future.Marine Thinking’s technology positions it as Canadian leaders in autonomous technology. They are providing technology and solutions that are flexible, tangible and affordable, prioritizing safety while driving innovation in USV development. The concept of USVs is a new and exciting field, with numerous opportunities and possible applications. Despite this, marine industries have a lack of knowledge on the technical capabilities Marine Thinking can provide, and the company has yet to build much of a public presence.To date, Marine Thinking has embarked upon projects with various government players and is looking to expand upon those projects and develop new contracts with other government departments and private sector companies. Marine Thinking is also looking to begin raising its public profile, leading to increased awareness of their capabilities and sales of their products.Situational Analysis Despite the numerous opportunities associated with USVs, marine industries have a lack of knowledge on the technical capabilities Marine Thinking can provide. Explaining the technical aspects of autonomous vessels to a non-technical audience can be difficult. Simplifying complex concepts while maintaining accuracy is essential for effective communication. One of the main challenges is gaining public trust and acceptance for autonomous vessels. Communicating the safety, reliability, and benefits of these vessels is crucial to overcome skepticism and potential concerns about the technology’s readiness. The company has yet to build much of a public presence. There is work to be done to communicate Marine Thinking’s story digitally on social media and the company website, through traditional media relations, and directly to stakeholders. As an early leader in this field, Marine Thinking has a prime opportunity to assert themselves as an authoritative figure in the autonomous vessel industry. Beyond building brand awareness and leveraging communications channels to generate sales, positioning company executives as thought leaders through expert insights, whitepapers, and opinion pieces will be an important consideration as Marine Thinking establishes itself in the industry. There is a great story to tell when it comes to the arrival of autonomous vessels – a compelling narrative of technological innovation, environmental sustainability, and efficiency improvements. Communicating these aspects can attract positive media coverage and investor interest. These relationships will be strengthened by showcasing successful trials, partnerships, and technological advancements. Goals and Objectives Our communications plan is broken into two phases:Phase 1 (1-6 months) * Introduce and increase awareness of Marine Thinking as one of Canada’s leaders in autonomous technology.* Expand partnerships and build relationships with potential partners, investors, and other stakeholders.Phase 2 (7-12 months)* Drive sales of Marine Tensor and other Marine Thinking products. * Establish thought leadership. Consistent through both phases is our overarching objective to establish Marine Thinking as a global leader in autonomous vessel technology. Our phased approach is driven by the communications sales funnel highlighted below. Before taking action, (in this case, purchasing a Marine Thinking product) customers pass through the three phases of awareness, interest, and consideration. As a young company in the early days of creating brand awareness with the public, the first phase of our plan is largely geared toward generating awareness and interest. As our tactics indicate, the first step in achieving the stated objectives is creating relevant content and communication it. Our goal is to increase website traffic, increase our followers and engagement on social media, enhance SEO, strategically pitch content to media and begin practicing paid tactics to reach desired audiences. As Marine Thinking sees these audiences and engagement grow, phase two of this plan aims to scale up our established tactics to increase consideration and drive sales. Marine Thinking Key Audiences and Messaging Marine Thinking * Marine Thinking is a leading Canadian autonomous vessel technology company, transforming the way we learn and interact with the ocean. o We have the capability to deliver commercial and real-world applications of autonomous, unmanned marine robotic systems.o We have not seen another company in Canada capable of delivering the functional, commercialized and complete system that we do.* Our autonomous vessel platform offers customized solutions that are flexible, tangible and affordable, allowing us to meet the unique needs of our customers while driving innovation in Uncrewed Surface Vessel (USV) development. * We are a trusted federal government partner, and we are credited as a government vendor under ISC listings.o We have government partnerships with Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) and National Research Council (NRC).o Supported by Fisheries and Ocean Canada (DFO), we are conducting a multi-phase project which will allow fishers to individually track the last known position of lost fishing gears. A retrieval vessel will then be sent to scan the surrounding underwater area using autonomous navigation.o Marine Thinking was honoured to be a seed funding recipient of Sustainable Development Technology Canada (SDTC). This funding supports promising early-stage Canadian sustainable tech companies by supporting technology projects with the potential to generate economic and environmental benefits for Canada. This will aid Marine Thinking’s development efforts to integrate autonomous performance capabilities into ghost retrieval vessels.* We are a diverse, locally grown company focused on helping the industry advance further and faster while ensuring a safer and more sustainable future. o Marine Thinking recently donated one of our Tracer USVs to Eskasoni First Nation, to support Mi’kmaq environmental conservation and protection efforts by monitoring water-related environments and infrastructures.* We are continuously seeking opportunities to leverage our expertise in autonomous technology and redefine what’s possible. Marine Tensor™* Marine Tensor is an AI-driven autonomous technology platform developed by Marine Thinking that can navigate crewed and uncrewed vessels.  * Marine Tensor utilizes AI recognition, machine learning, and an in-depth analysis of multiple sensor inputs such as optical, LiDAR, radar, and sonar to create full situational awareness of its environment in real-time.* Its AI algorithm processes the collective data to calculate the optimal operational strategy to complete the task assigned by the control system. * This technology has numerous potential applications for end-users including environmental monitoring, ghost gear collection, emergency response and data collection. Marine TracerKey Targets: Department of National Defence, Defence Sector, Canadian Coast Guard, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, Fishing Industry, Transport Canada, National Research Council, Environmental and Engineering Consultants, Conservation Authorities, Mining, Oil and Gas Sectors.  * Marine Thinking’s Tracer is a multi-purpose, highly portable USV featuring autonomous navigation, built-in sonar, with remote payload deployment capabilities. o Launched in 2022, Tracer has found notable success among hydrographic survey and wastewater management companies.  Examples of use to date are included below: o To produce a sediment data report, Marine Thinking used Tracer USV to automate the data collection process and perform a bathymetric survey using the vessel’s built-in sonar sensor. Tracer completed the survey in one hour – providing considerable time and labour savings.o With a range of up to 2 km, workers used Tracer’s handheld controller to navigate the lagoon’s water baffles and aerators. Alternatively, workers also had the option to assign pre-set autopilot routes directly from the controller.o To combat foam waste, workers applied Marine Thinking’s electric ducted fans propulsion system to Tracer. A “plug-n-play” alternative to Tracer’s built-in underwater propellers, the fans allowed Tracer to navigate the foam waste without risk of clogging.o Utilizing its side scan sonar capabilities, Tracer produced a high-quality map of the lagoon floor. Using Tracer’s controller and onboard camera, workers were able to monitor the survey session in real-time:  * Water and motor temperatures* Vessel speed* Operation time* Total distance traveled * Sonar frequency * Current water deptho Once completed, workers transferred the sonar data to a company workstation. The team was then able to further analyze the data and map the sediment using third-party post-processing software.* Tracer is a single operator vessel, highlighted by its compact form factor, ultra-portability, and real-time sonar imaging capabilities.o At only 0.83 m and less than 12.2 kg, Tracer utilizes a compact design that excels in fast-paced environments and gives you the flexibility to hit the water at a moment’s notice.o Unlike other USV vessels, you can launch Tracer in water levels as shallow as 10 inches, eliminating the need of a dedicated docking area or team. * Tracer is powered by Marine Tensor, Marine Thinking’s AI-driven autonomous technology platform that provides intelligent performance and self-operation capabilities to crewed and uncrewed surface vessels. * Utilizing AI recognition and analysis of multiple data streams, Marine Tensor autonomously calculates and implements the optimal navigation strategy for Marine Tracer to successfully complete its pre-set route.GuardianKey Targets: Department of National Defence, Defence Sector, Canadian Coast Guard, Department of Fisheries and Oceans, Fishing Industry, Transport Canada, Post Secondary Institutions. * The Guardian is an uncrewed surface vessel, launched by Marine Thinking in ____. * Ready to launch with real-time optical, thermal, and sonar imaging, Guardian can support a wide range of search and rescue efforts. * The USV’s waterjet propulsion system and bow thrusters can autonomously navigate obstacles and tight spaces to reach its target.* Upon arrival, the onboard lifebuoy can be remotely deployed for direct assistance and tow the recue target to an assigned destination. * Its onboard two-way communication system ensures the operator can stay in contact with the target and monitor their condition. * To date, Guardian has been used to __________* NOTE: More information required on ISC testing program. AcadiaKey Targets: Wastewater Treatment Industry, Municipal Governments, Mining, Oil and Gas Sectors, Environmental and Engineering Consultants, Defense Sector, Fishing Industry, Search and Rescue, Post Secondary Institutions* The Acadia itself is a RIB Boat – uses include environmental monitoring, ghost gear collection, emergency response and data collection. * The Acadia combines the durability and versatility of a RIB boat with the full suite of autonomous features of Marine Tensor™. Operating with full situational awareness and processing multiple data sets in real-time, Acadia delivers the optimal strategy and performance to complete its assigned task.* From environmental monitoring to surveillance, Acadia can autonomously support today’s most in-demand marine applications. * The Acadia is driven by the Marine Tensor™ technology which will be adaptable to any vessel. Because of this, the opportunities are rather endless. Government* Marine Thinking is an autonomous technology company that empowers crewed and uncrewed surface vessels (USV) with automatic performance capabilities. * We are a trusted federal government partner, and we are credited as a government vendor under ISC listings.* Based in the heart of the East Coast, our technology solutions are helping industry advance further and faster while ensuring a safer and more sustainable future.* We are continuously seeking opportunities to leverage our expertise in autonomous technology and redefine what’s possible.* We look forward to the opportunity to meet with you in the future to discuss opportunities for us to support innovation, job creation and economic growth.* We look forward to continued collaboration and partnership opportunities to support Nova Scotians and all Canadians.Strategies and Tactical Considerations The below graphic illustrates how our team works and how our team integrates paid, earned, shared, and owned media (PESO). Although not everything listed is necessarily applicable to Marine Thinking and your goals, it provides a helpful overview of our team’s expertise and the way we consider all angles of communications. Collectively, these tactics contribute to the overall reputation and credibility of Marine Thinking, while positioning company executives as thought leaders in the industry. The cornerstone of any PESO-based communications plan is the owned media approach. Owned media lives on your website and social media channels and provides the opportunity to control the messaging and tell the story in the way you want it to be told. With the recommendation of a blog feature, strong and relevant pieces of content will help increase domain authority and drive more users and prospective customers Marine Thinking’s redesigned website.With our earned media (publicity and media relations) approach, we work to build relationships with industry bloggers, journalists, and other influencers who are most likely to share and/or profile your content. This can be done through traditional interviews, op-eds, or articles linking back to your website. By identifying a targeted media list and marking key upcoming newsworthy milestones for pitching, we aim to increase Marine Thinking’s earned media outcomes.Shared media is social media. Social platforms provide a low-cost and high-trust avenue to share content and messaging relevant to your company. Building a sizeable following on your social platforms can take time but is achievable by following best practices and keeping content fresh and relevant. Lastly, paid media in relation to our communications plan refers to social media advertising, sponsored content, and email marketing. Paid media is fast and reliable, providing guaranteed exposure for your message to an audience determined by your set target parameters. Phased Tactics Approach Phase 1Objectives* Introduce and increase awareness of Marine Thinking as one of Canada’s leaders in autonomous technology.* Expand partnerships and build relationships with potential partners, investors, and other stakeholders.Strategy:RecommendationsConsiderationsOwnedGoal: Brand awareness and future touchpoints with stakeholdersTactic: Leverage website sign-up capabilities to develop email contact and distribution list.Distribute milestone updates to stakeholders whenever applicable (I.e: donations, thought leadership articles, event participation, etc.)Goal: Brand awareness, increase domain authority, and position Marine Thinking as authoritative voice in the industryTactic: Make use of blog function on website with industry and milestone related content. Consider SEO keywords when developing content (keyword content map in Appendix)This owned content can be repurposed for social media posts, presentations, media inquiries, etc.Refer to milestones overview below for blog post content ideas. Goal: Brand Awareness  Tactic: Create new visual content (i.e., videos, drone footage) for Marine Thinking’s new website and social media channels  Identify opportunities to capture new visual content. Refer to milestones chart below and take advantage of products being on the water for testing purposes.  Goal: Increase Domain Authority, Position Marine Thinking as an authoritative voice in the industry   Tactic: Tailor MT’s new website’s content and copy for search engine optimization (SEO). Consider keyword trend when developing blog content as well. Copy should be reviewed at least 1x annually and updated should there be any major changes and new trends in the search terms related to Marine Thinking. EarnedGoal: Brand awarenessTactic: Identify events and conferences MT can present at.  Events list below. Goal: Brand awareness using third-party validationTactic: Issue news releases for major sales and investment milestones. Invite key media to experience products on the water. Milestones calendar below. Goal: Brand awareness and positioning MT as an authoritative voice in the industryTactic: Write thoughtful op-eds for pitching to identified publications highlighting the potential of autonomous vessels. Leverage earned op-ed coverage on social media and company website.Seek opportunities to co-author op-eds with other contributors when possible.   SharedGoal: Brand AwarenessTactic: Create monthly calendar to track upcoming posting opportunities. At the beginning of each month take time to schedule the month ahead, understanding that there will new opportunities to add throughout the month.Goal: Brand awareness and customer serviceTactic: Use canned content calendar (Appendix C) to fill content gaps. Content calendar and additional content ideas below. PaidGoal: Brand awareness, community engagementTactic: Explore Google search ad opportunities. Reach and impressions for Google ads are tied to the amount you are willing to spend. Google suggests starting small with a daily budget of US$10 - US$50. At this cost, Marine Thinking could run a month-long ad following the website relaunch for US$300 – US$1,500, depending on campaign goals and desired results.  Goal: Brand Awareness, growing social audienceTactic: Identify monthly or quarterly boosting budget for key content pieces on social media. Based on key audiences, our suggested platform to boost content is LinkedIn.Similar to Google Ads, the reach and impression results are tied to the amount you are willing to spend. For a single post we recommend $100 - $500 per post. Between Google ads and boosted content, we suggest a Quarterly budget of $2,000 - $3,000 is paid content. Phase 2: Objectives: * Drive sales of Marine Tensor and other Marine Thinking products. * Establish thought leadership. NOTE: It is important to continue practicing the tactics laid out in phase one while implementing new tactics in phase two. Strategy:RecommendationsConsiderationsOwnedGoal: Brand awareness, drive salesTactic: Quarterly newsletters highlighting recent blogs, milestones, or events. Distribute milestone updates to stakeholders whenever applicable (i.e., funding announcements, event invitations, thought leadership articles) Goal: Brand Awareness, Increase Thought Leadership Tactic: Identify thought leadership content opportunities to integrate into blog and social media content. This content can also be shared directly from the LinkedIn pages of executive members. Potential topics: EarnedGoal: Brand awareness using third party validation  Tactic: Issue news releases for major sales and investment milestones, continue positioning MT spokespeople as the go-to expert for commentary and insights on related industry news/events; invite key media to experience a vessel that is using Marine Thinking technology.  Milestones and media list below. Goal: Brand awarenessTactic: Identify events and conferences Marine Thinking can present at.Events list and target audience list below. Goal: Brand awareness, drive salesTactic: Collect testimonials from customers and trial users to share via social media and on the website.Follow up with customers and trial users asking for their participation in a brief questionnaire. Sample questions include:* How has your company integrated (product) into your operations?* How has (product) benefited your company’s operations?SharedGoal: Brand Awareness  Tactic: Continued execution of social media program   Update canned content calendar when new reusable content opportunities are identified. Goal: Brand awareness, drive salesTactic: Integrate user-generated content into the social media strategy by monitoring followers and posts pertaining to Marine Thinking Monitor accounts related to Autonomous Vessel technology, customers and trial users of MT products, and company partners. Goal: Increase Thought Leadership  Tactic: Leverage social channels for thought leadership content.  Share all blog posts, op-eds, and other think pieces. PaidGoal: Brand Awareness   Tactic: Revisit monthly/quarterly boosting budget to target Marine Thinking social media content to intended audiences.  Review traditional and social media ad analytics following the first phase of ads to gather insights on successful and unsuccessful content.  Tactic: Consider paid publishing opportunities in marine publicationsRefer to media list.Milestones and Tactics MilestoneDonation of Tracer USVsIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking. * Drive Sales of Tracer.* Build relationships with Tracer key targets listed above.Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms highlighting the donation and featuring photos from the event, if applicable. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone.Boosted Social * Identify budget to promote a social post around milestone.* Determine what has more value, social post created by MT or earned media coverage when applicable. * Always include a link to website’s product page in boosted posts. Blog Post* Draft blog post recapping experience. Refer to notes below for blog post focus. Media Relations* Draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. * Make spokesperson available for interviews and invite media to the event, when applicable. Stakeholder Email* Highlight donation in stakeholder email updates. NotesThe donation of Tracer USVs is both a good news opportunity for brand awareness and a chance to highlight the capabilities of the Tracer product. In all communication materials, be sure to discuss the partnership, how the technology will be used and how it will benefit the community. Some sample messaging includes: * Marine Thinking is a leading Canadian autonomous vessel technology company, transforming the way we learn and interact with the ocean.  * Based in the heart of the East Coast, our technology solutions are helping the industry advance further and faster while ensuring a safer and more sustainable future. * To support Mi’kmaq environmental conservation and protection efforts, Marine Thinking would like to donate one of our Tracer uncrewed surface vessels (USV) to Eskasoni First Nation. * Marine Thinking’s Tracer is a multi-purpose, highly portable USV featuring autonomous navigation, built-in sonar, with remote payload deployment capabilities.  * It is our hope that Eskasoni First Nation can implement Tracer USV into their current environmental monitoring procedures and leverage Marine Thinking’s autonomous vessel technology to monitor water-related environments and infrastructures while finding additional use case opportunities.MilestoneGhost Gear Fund (Phase 3)Identified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of* Build relationships with Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms. If possible, profile photos and testimonials of trial participants. Highlight what the trials are hoping to achieve and how the technology will reduce future ghost gear situations. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone.Boosted Social * Identify budget to promote a social post around milestone.* Determine what has more value, social post created by MT or earned media coverage when applicable. * Always include a link to website’s product page in boosted posts. Blog Post* Draft blog post recapping experience. Refer to notes below for blog post focus. Attempt to secure interviews with trial participants to gain supporting quotes for the article. Media Relations* Draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. * Follow up directly with CBC reporter Gareth Hampshire, who has covered the project in the past.* Make spokesperson available for interviews and invite media to the event, when applicable. Stakeholder Email* Highlight project developments in stakeholder email updates. NotesMarine Thinking is well positioned to gain media exposure due to the Ghost Gear Fund already receiving coverage. As the project advances to Phase 3, targeting fishing and sustainability focused publications should expand coverage. Gaining testimonials from project participants will be useful sales tools in gaining trust and interest from other fishermen and associations who could benefit from the technology.  MilestoneUSV Survey Project Halifax Port AuthorityIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of Acadia  * Build relationships with Port Authorities across Canada and Acadia Key Targets listed above. Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms highlighting the project and featuring photos from the event, if applicable. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone.Boosted Social * Identify budget to promote a social post around milestone.* Determine what has more value, social post created by MT or earned media coverage when applicable. * Always include a link to website’s product page in boosted posts. Blog Post* Draft blog post recapping experience. Refer to notes below for blog post focus. Media Relations* Draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. * Make spokesperson available for interviews and invite media to the event, when applicable. Stakeholder Email* Highlight project in stakeholder email updates. NotesMarine Thinking is conducting a trial survey with the Halifax Port Authority (HPA). Using its autopilot feature, the Acadia will perform sonar scans of berths 20 and 22 at the pier.Marine Thinking will scan the surrounding seabed and adjacent wharf walls.  A post-survey report will be delivered to HPA offering any notable findings related to the wharf walls’ structure and condition.The survey is scheduled for Friday, August 25th (2:00pm – 4:00pm based on optimal tide level.) The HPA is also planning to issue a news release and may invite media to attend. They will request a quote from Marine Thinking.  Media training to take place ahead of survey date. Have spokesperson on site for media availability. MilestoneISC Testing Stream (Guardian Development)Identified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of Guardian * Build relationships with Guardian key targets listed above. Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms highlighting Testing Stream program and displaying Guardian on the water. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone.Boosted Social * Identify budget to promote a social post around milestone.* Determine what has more value, social post created by MT or earned media coverage when applicable. * Always include a link to website’s product page in boosted posts. Blog Post* Draft blog post recapping experience. Refer to notes below for blog post focus. Media Relations* Draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. * Make spokesperson available for interviews and invite media to the event, when applicable. Stakeholder Email* Highlight donation in stakeholder email updates. NotesMilestoneNational Research Council (NRC) Acadia RHIBIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of Acadia  * Build relationships with Acadia key targets listed above. Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms highlighting the donation and featuring photos from the event, if applicable. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone.Boosted Social * Identify budget to promote a social post around milestone.* Determine what has more value, social post created by MT or earned media coverage when applicable. * Always include a link to website’s product page in boosted posts. Blog Post* Draft blog post recapping experience. Refer to notes below for blog post focus. Media Relations* Draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. * Make spokesperson available for interviews and invite media to the event, when applicable. Stakeholder Email* Highlight donation in stakeholder email updates. NotesHighlight appropriate testing and evaluation report findings if appropriate.  MilestoneMarine Thinking Website RelaunchIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of all Marine Thinking products* Build relationships with potential customers and partnersTactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms highlighting relaunch, featuring new pages and in separate posts.Boosted Social * Consideration to boost post featuring new website with general copy about Marine Thinking and their products. Blog Post* Not applicable.  Media Relations* Not applicable. Stakeholder Email* Announce website relaunch in stakeholder email updates. NotesConsider Google search ads following the website relaunch, consulting with the proposed budget above.Not all social posts need to announce the refreshed website directly, but including a link to the website in general canned posts following its completion will be an important consideration in the weeks and months that follow. Track website analytics following the relaunch to observe user behaviour, acquisition trends, and other important metrics. MilestoneResearch Papers, Op-Eds, White PapersIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Establish authority and thought leadershipTactics OverviewOrganic Social* Organic social post on all platforms sharing think pieces. * Create organic post highlighting any coverage earned as a result of media campaign around the milestone or share others content promoting the think piece. Boosted Social * Determine mass audience appeal and consider boosting post. Blog Post* Post the pieces as blog posts on website.Media Relations* If applicable, draft press release and refer to media list for pitching. These may be more tailored for academic journals and blogs than traditional media publications, in most cases. For more general publication pitching, stick to high-level findings. * Identify companies that may want to share the articles on their own website blog pages, including COVE. Stakeholder Email* Highlight thought leadership pieces in stakeholder email updates. NotesThere are three research papers on the horizon for Marine Thinking:* Marine Autonomy related paper submitted to an NB based Science Journal. Response expected this month. * “Robust Autonomous Collision Avoidance Methodology for Unmanned Surface Vessel Using Deep-Learning Algorithms” to be submitted to the Journal of Ocean Technology.* Second paper with Dalhousie expected to be published in October 2023. MilestoneEventsIdentified Opportunities* Promote and generate brand awareness of Marine Thinking * Drive Sales of all Marine Thinking products* Build relationships with specific key targets depending on events. Tactics OverviewOrganic Social* Create organic social posts during the event. Include photo of Marine Thinking booth when applicable and of company attendees. Use these posts to promote attendance and desire to connect with other attendees. * Share blog post recapping event once it is complete. Boosted Social * On a case-to-case basis, boosted content from events should be reserved for demonstrations or speaking opportunities. Not all events attended require boosted content. Blog Post* When deemed necessary, draft blog content recapping events and highlighting what Marine Thinking was promoting and what the takeaways from the event were. Include quotes from event attendees. Media Relations* Unless demonstrating or otherwise presenting, event attendance will not call for a media push. Stakeholder Email* Capture event attendance and high-level take aways in stakeholder email updates. NotesRefer to events list below and continuing expanding/refreshing list as new event opportunities arise. Appendix A: Speaking and Event Attendance OpportunitiesEventHostLocation, DateDetailsHalifax International Fleet WeekHalifaxHalifax, NSSeptember 7-10Halifax International Fleet Week will showcase Halifax as Canada's defence and ocean hub with participation from Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) service members from across the country as well as the United States, Germany, England, and FranceOCEANS 2023 Gulf CoastUnited Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable DevelopmentBiloxi, MS September 25-28The OCEANS 2023 Gulf Coast conference is for global maritime professionals to learn, innovate and lead in the protection and utilization of the world’s largest natural resource – our OCEANS.DEFSEC AtlanticAtlantic Canada Aerospace & Defence AssociationHalifax, NSOctober 3-5, 2023Focused on showcasing Atlantic Canadian opportunities, the show's worldwide reach creates partnership potential for all attendees. Incorporating elements of both a trade show and a defence procurement conference, it provides access to "the right people" in an engaging and professional setting.  CANSEC 2024EY CENTREOttawa, ONMay 29-30, 2024CANSEC 2024 will once again showcase leading-edge technologies, products and services for land-based, naval, aerospace and joint forces military units. CANSEC is also a one-stop shop for first responders, police, border and security entities and special operations units.OCEANS 2024IEEE Oceanic Engineering Society and Marine Technology SocietyHalifax, NSSeptember 23-26, 2024The event for global maritime professionals to learn, innovate, and lead in the protection and utilization of the world’s largest natural resource – our OCEANS.Ocean Business LondonNational Oceanography CentreSouth Hampton, UK8-10 April, 2025Ocean Business 2025 is the global meeting place for ocean science and technology professionals. Connect with thousands of the industry’s brightest minds, and share ideas to help define the future of ocean technology.IMDEX ASIAChangi Exhibition CentreSingapore, Southeast Asia May 6-8, 2025As Asia Pacific's leading naval and maritime defenceshow, IMDEX Asia offers unrivalled access to the fast-growingregional market, attracting an elite audience of decisionmakers, buyers and officials from navies,agencies and maritime companies worldwide.Appendix B: Media List Targeted media lists include local, national, trade media and AI media.  Appendix C: Social Content Calendar Canned social content calendar includes evergreen content to be reshared and reintegrated into monthly content calendar over time. Sharing the same post multiple times over the span of a few months is an acceptable social media practice. Remember: just because content may seem tired and familiar to you does not mean your ever expanding audience has the same familiarity.Appendix D: Content Topics and ideas- Specific focus on individual products and capabilities- Behind the scenes photos and updates from workshop or office- Products on water- How AI is changing the ocean tech industry - Communicating Marine Thinking’s purpose- Employee spotlights and introductionsAppendix E: Supporting Material Supporting communications and public relations materials with relevant key messages and information will be very important throughout your government relations and proactive outreach activities. Targeted messages and, in some cases, supporting materials will be required as the various audiences are approached. These materials include, but are not limited to:* Key Messages tailored for the various audiences* Speaking notes and Q&A for presenters/spokespersons* One-pagers for proposals* Fact sheets and backgrounders* PowerPoint presentation for intimate audiences* Communications content calendar with an outline of channels to be usedAppendix F: Award Submissions Calendar The award submissions calendar is a brief example of upcoming award submissions that Marine Thinking could consider. The calendar is subject to change as some awards may no longer be appropriate for Marine Thinking or more awards may be added to the list.  Award ProviderNotes Submission DeadlineHalifax Business AwardsHalifax Chamber of CommerceInnovative Business of the year or Small Business of the year would suit Marine Thinking.September 1Marine Digital Technology AwardSeatrade Maritime Awards 2023Recognizes the development and / or application of innovative marine technology that has resulted in improved efficiencies and lower operating costs. RAugust 29, 2023Environment Leaders and Innovation LeadersCanadian Business Innovation Awards 2024 Previous deadlines have been February of the awards year, announced spring of awards year.In partnership with Canadian Business and Brookfield Institute for Innovation + Entrepreneurship. Entry fee is $400. TBD Innovation Award Ocean Awards 2024 hosted by BOAT International and Blue Marine Foundation Opportunity for PerforMarine submission. TBDBest Elex Awards Best Integrated System, Leading Edge TechnologyBest Marine Electronics and Technology Awards 2024Awards are announced spring of the award year.  TBDCompass Organizational Excellence Award Marine Technology Society Awards and Honours 2024Award submissions deadline for 2023 was May 31, 2023. TBDEnvironmental Achievement of the Year – Industry Contribution Electric & Hybrid Marine Awards 2024Occurs during Electric & Hybrid Marine Expo Europe.2024 Expo is June 18, 19 & 20, 2024. TBD2025 Clean50 AwardsCanada’s Clean 50 by Delta Management Group Announced Fall 2024 July 1, 2024 2 | Page